net: lib: fota_download: Return proper error if FOTA init fails (#8840)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added support for using X509 certificates.

* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

>   * Added error code :c:enumerator:`FOTA_DOWNLOAD_ERROR_CAUSE_INTERNAL` when initialization of the download fails and source of error is not in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added an error code :c:enumerator:`FOTA_DOWNLOAD_ERROR_CAUSE_INTERNAL` to indicate the failure of initialization of download, where the source of error is not in the network.
```

Author: This changes the meaning a little bit as it might not always be the initialization phase that fails. Maybe I could concise the message like follows:

```
* Added an error code :c:enumerator:`FOTA_DOWNLOAD_ERROR_CAUSE_INTERNAL` to indicate that the source of error is not network related.
```
